Custom attributes value's type should be a string (#285)
configcat/docs: website/docs/advanced/user-object.md

> In case **a custom property is not passed** to the SDK or it's value is **falsy** (unknown, null, ""), the corresponding targeting rule **evaluation will be skipped**.

> > The **custom property value's type is a string**. When you use dynamically-typed languages (like Javascript, PHP, Python, Elixir, Ruby) please ensure that the passed value is a string. Otherwise, the SDK will convert to string and log a WARNING message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please ensure that **the custom property value is a string** when working with dynamically-typed languages such as JavaScript, PHP, Python, Elixir, or Ruby. If a different data type is used, the SDK will automatically convert it to a string and log a WARNING message.
```
